Add proposal processes (#543)
hober/web-extensions: proposals/proposal_template.md

# Proposal: &lt;API>

**Summary**

An API proposal for your new API.  Describe in **one sentence** what it will be
used for.

**Document Metadata**

**Author:** &lt;your Github handle>

**Sponsoring Browser:** The browser vendor committed to implementing this API
if approved.

> **Contributors:** &lt;other contributors @>

Reviewer: What is the `@` referring to? Would be nice to suggest the Github handle if any, or any other form of identification (whether an email, or a profile on the codereview site).

Reviewer 2: I think Github handle makes the most sense.

Author: Rephrased.

**Created:** YYYY-MM-DD

**Related Issues:** &lt;urls>

## Motivation

### Objective

What does this API enable?  Why do we need it?

#### Use Cases

Describe the use cases for this API.  There may be multiple.

### Known Consumers

APIs should, ideally, have significant adoption once they are complete.
Highlight any extensions that have committed to using this API.

## Specification

### Schema

Include your API schema here (preferably with a TypeScript interface).  If you
are adding new functionality or fields to an existing method, please be sure to
call out explicitly what has changed.

A few notes:

*   Extension APIs are almost always asynchronous.  Anything that cannot be

>     resolved directly in the renderer must be asynchronous, and even if
>     something can be done in the renderer today, it should frequently be
>     asynchronous to prevent future breakage if we move something to the browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    resolved directly in a child process must be asynchronous, and even if
    something can be done in the child process today, it should frequently be
    asynchronous to prevent future breakage if we move something to the parent
```

"renderer"/"browser" is Chromium-specific terminology.

I replaced it with the more general "child"/"parent" process terminology. Instead of "parent", "different" could also be used.

Author: Rephrased, and also added details that extensions usually run in child processes.

    (rare) or rejecting the returned promise.  (Note that in legacy versions,
    this will populate
    [chrome.runtime.lastError](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/runtime#property-lastError).)
    Do not provide another mechanism of indicating failure (e.g., don't accept
    a failure callback).
*   When practical, prefer accepting objects for input parameters.  This allows
    us to expand APIs in the future in a non-breaking change by adding
    additional optional properties.  Even if you currently only accept one
    property, it often makes sense to wrap this in an object.

### New Permissions

| Permission Added | Suggested Warning |
| ---------------- | ----------------- |
| New Permission 1 | Add a proposed warning string for the permission.  If there should be no warning, provide justification as to why. Browser vendors can ultimately choose if there should be a warning and what it should be independently, but this can be useful to define especially if it has implications for the likelihood this proposal will succeed or be useful to developers. |

Document any new permission added by this API.  Permissions are frequently the

> same as the API itself, e.g. the browser.storage API has the permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
same as the API itself, e.g. the `browser.storage` API has the permission
```

"storage".

If this is a new API, it should add a new permission.  A new permission does
_not_ always require a new permission warning (though it should frequently have
one).  Adding a permission allows us to statically analyze extensions with
greater accuracy, and avoid exposing unnecessary APIs.

If this is a modification to an existing API, it _may_ require a new permission
if the capabilities it adds are significantly different than the existing
functionality in the API, and not already covered by the permission warning.
Note that this is generally an indication that this might be better as a new
API than a modification to an existing API.  If no new permission is needed,
note why this falls within the current bounds of the API's capabilities.

### Manifest File Changes

> Document if your API will require additional manifest fields to be added or

Reviewer: Should we also encourage thoughts about validation/error handling? E.g. "If non-trivial, describe validation and error handling. When a failure is not critical, prefer a soft warning over a hard error. A hard error prevents an extension from loading, which adds friction to the adoption of potential future changes."
